                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Thank you Nins for being such a soft and gentle and wonderful presence in my life -                                                                                     
you provide so much space for me to feel to the depths of things I'm experiencing,                                 
and I don't think I tell you enough how much I love living with you.                                               
Thank you for the breakfasts,                                                                                      
that one walk in Newlands forest that made my heart feel so so so big,                                                                                                                                                        
and for all of the years of seeing all the shadows and lights in each other. 
I hope to continue to see more in each other,                                                                                                                                                                                  
in depth and breadth, for the rest of our lives.                                                                   
Love you so so much, 
Leila 

Dear Cristina.                                                                                                     
Sending POSITIVELY THRILLING (+FREAKY) vibes for your birthday from Indonesia.                                                                            
You have a gigantic heart, are a source of deep stillness,                                                         
and are an incredibly attentive and highly capable being.                                                          
You deserve all that you desire in this brief lifetime.                                                            
I’m proud and blessed to be your friend and collaborator, and to have known you for over 10 years!                 
Have a wonderful birthday and 30th year.                                                                           
All the Love,                                                                                                       
Ross                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                    
"Happy Birthday Cristina! Thanks for the 10 years of friendship                                                     
- you're a gem! Lots of love, Dom"                                                                                  

Happy birthday, Cristina,  
your calm presence is so grounding
and I am so deeply grateful to know you, even through distance.
 - `fran

I’ve just realised we’ve known each other
and will always know each other just a year short of half our lives,
no matter how old we get you’ll be one of my oldest friends.  
And that’s the best news I’ve got all year.  
Happy 30th Birthday Neens, I love you always.  
  - Liv

Teens so much love on your 30th birthday darling.
Dream big, be kind and encouraging as you share you talents,
deep thoughts and creative loveliness with those blessed to share your life adventures 
 😊 love Drum and Rosie

 "Dear Nina,
I feel incredibly grateful to be able to share this life with you. 
You hold so much care, wisdom, depth, joy, light, silliness and curiosity (I could go on and on and on), 
but damn it feels so inspiring, free and safe to be close to. 
To get to witness all your qualities express themselves through you, 
to those you love and to the world around you is beautiful 
and I can’t wait to watch and support all the adventures life takes you on. 
I hope the yoga training gives you a moment of pause, growth, deeper discovery and guidance, and so much more. 
Thank you for always holding space and being there no matter what. Happy 30 babbyyyy, I love you. 

Love, Cara x"

U da best' - Sam 


Happy birthday incrediblenaturelovingjoyfulfuncuriouscaringlightheartedadventurous Nina.
For another full decade of discovering, laughing, feeling loved, growing your seeds and harvesting beautiful flowers. 
What a pleasure it has been getting to know you <3
- Sofia

Tiny Teena, you are built for purpose and impact. 
Wishing you a very special experience in learning and bending, and growing.
 This year, and all the years ahead. Happy birthday, cousin.
-Emma

